<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>0</id>
  <title>Last week's second IRC workshop on L2 onchain support and wrap up</title>
  <updated>2023-05-21T03:21:05.606555+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Michael Folkson 2021-07-29 11:36:25</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>0</id>
    <title>Last week's second IRC workshop on L2 onchain support and wrap up</title>
    <updated>2023-05-21T03:21:05.606555+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-July/019289.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>The recent online Sydney Socratic Seminar included a discussion on L2 onchain support, which focused in part on the rules of BIP 125 RBF and proposed ideas such as SIGHASH_IOMAP, fee sponsorship, and transaction mutation. The conversation also centered around fee bumping and package relay, with attendees agreeing that enabling two transaction packages would be sufficient for Lightning and DLCs. The potential usefulness of package relay for L2 protocols to address the unpredictability of future fees was discussed, as well as prior work done on package relay, mainly by Suhas Daftuar. The group discussed Taproot and witness replacement, with miniscript being able to assess the transaction pinning risk of a bloated witness. A future soft fork could give meaning to the annex in Taproot which could be used for inflating the fee rate of a witness. The wrap-up revealed that the discussions resulted in goals such as supporting currently deployed L2 protocols, ongoing discussions regarding deprecation of opt-in RBF, status quo and ad hoc security incident response policy in the case of cross-layer security issues, and generally status quo on L2 security philosophy design.</summary>
    <published>2021-07-29T11:36:25+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
