<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>2</id>
  <title>Combined summary - Last week's second IRC workshop on L2 onchain support and wrap up</title>
  <updated>2023-06-14T23:45:29.751404+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Michael Folkson 2021-06-29 09:44:11</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Michael Folkson 2021-07-29 11:36:25</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Michael Folkson 2021-07-29 11:36:25</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Michael Folkson 2021-06-29 09:44:11</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Michael Folkson 2021-06-29 09:44:11</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Michael Folkson 2021-07-29 11:36:25</name>
  </author>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/June_2021/019148_Last-week-s-second-IRC-workshop-on-L2-onchain-support-and-wrap-up.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/July_2021/019289_Last-week-s-second-IRC-workshop-on-L2-onchain-support-and-wrap-up.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/July_2021/019289_Last-week-s-second-IRC-workshop-on-L2-onchain-support-and-wrap-up.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/June_2021/019148_Last-week-s-second-IRC-workshop-on-L2-onchain-support-and-wrap-up.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/June_2021/019148_Last-week-s-second-IRC-workshop-on-L2-onchain-support-and-wrap-up.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/July_2021/019289_Last-week-s-second-IRC-workshop-on-L2-onchain-support-and-wrap-up.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>2</id>
    <title>Combined summary - Last week's second IRC workshop on L2 onchain support and wrap up</title>
    <updated>2023-06-14T23:45:29.751404+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-June/019148.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>The recent Bitcoin workshop focused on package relay and fee bumping, with attendees discussing the potential usefulness of package relay for Layer 2 protocols to address unpredictability of future fees. Previous works on package relay were also discussed, mainly by Suhas Daftuar and recently advanced by Gloria Zhao in Bitcoin Core. Two transaction packages were deemed sufficient for Lightning and DLCs, although there were concerns about increased complexity with larger package sizes. The possibility of using two packages {A,B} and {B,C} if three transaction packages weren't supported was also discussed. Attendees suggested communicating only hints, such as fee rate hints, rather than relaying entire transactions.Discussions on witness replacement and Taproot were also held where it was suggested that replacing a larger witness with a smaller one could reduce transaction fees. A future soft fork could give meaning to the annex in Taproot, which could be used for inflating the fee rate of a witness. The wrap-up resulted in goals such as supporting currently deployed L2 protocols, ongoing discussions regarding deprecation of opt-in RBF, status quo, and ad hoc security incident response policy in the case of cross-layer security issues. The recent Sydney Socratic Seminar also discussed L2 onchain support, focusing on the rules of BIP 125 RBF and proposed ideas such as SIGHASH_IOMAP, fee sponsorship, and transaction mutation. Attendees agreed that enabling two transaction packages would be sufficient for Lightning and DLCs. Discussions on Taproot and witness replacement were also held, with miniscript being able to assess the transaction pinning risk of a bloated witness.</summary>
    <published>2021-06-29T09:44:11+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
