<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>2</id>
  <title>Combined summary - BIP-119 CTV Meeting #3 Draft Agenda for Tuesday February 8th at 12:00 PT</title>
  <updated>2023-06-15T16:22:46.259839+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy Rubin 2022-02-02 20:29:19</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy Rubin 2022-02-07 19:10:41</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy Rubin 2022-02-02 20:29:19</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy Rubin 2022-02-07 19:10:41</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy Rubin 2022-02-02 20:29:19</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy Rubin 2022-02-07 19:10:41</name>
  </author>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Feb_2022/019856_BIP-119-CTV-Meeting-3-Draft-Agenda-for-Tuesday-February-8th-at-12-00-PT.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Feb_2022/019869_BIP-119-CTV-Meeting-3-Draft-Agenda-for-Tuesday-February-8th-at-12-00-PT.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Feb_2022/019856_BIP-119-CTV-Meeting-3-Draft-Agenda-for-Tuesday-February-8th-at-12-00-PT.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Feb_2022/019869_BIP-119-CTV-Meeting-3-Draft-Agenda-for-Tuesday-February-8th-at-12-00-PT.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Feb_2022/019856_BIP-119-CTV-Meeting-3-Draft-Agenda-for-Tuesday-February-8th-at-12-00-PT.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Feb_2022/019869_BIP-119-CTV-Meeting-3-Draft-Agenda-for-Tuesday-February-8th-at-12-00-PT.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>2</id>
    <title>Combined summary - BIP-119 CTV Meeting #3 Draft Agenda for Tuesday February 8th at 12:00 PT</title>
    <updated>2023-06-15T16:22:46.260839+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-February/019856.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>On February 8th, Bitcoin developers will hold their third recurring meeting in channel ##ctv-bip-review on the libera.chat IRC server. The two-hour meeting will cover several topics proposed for discussion, including Bug Bounty Updates, Non-Interactive Lightning Channels, CTV's improvement of DLCs, PathCoin, OP_TXHASH, Emulating CTV for Liquid, and General Discussion. Participants are encouraged to send feedback, proposed topic changes, additions, or questions they would like to pre-register on the agenda. Jeremy Rubin sent the email and promises to send a reminder with a finalized agenda before the meeting.The Non-Interactive Lightning Channels section will include discussions on https://rubin.io/bitcoin/2021/12/11/advent-14/ and https://utxos.org/uses/non-interactive-channels/. The CTV's "Dramatic" Improvement of DLCs section will cover https://zensored.substack.com/p/supercharging-dlcs-with-ctv, https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-January/019808.html, and https://rubin.io/bitcoin/2021/12/20/advent-23/. The PathCoin section discusses a proposal of coins that can be transferred in an offline manner by pre-compiling chains of transfers cleverly. It includes details from https://gist.github.com/AdamISZ/b462838cbc8cc06aae0c15610502e4da and https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-January/019809.html. The OP_TXHASH section talks about an alternative approach to OP_CTV + APO's functionality by programmable tx hash opcode, with discussions available at https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-January/019813.html. Finally, the Emulating CTV for Liquid topic is covered in https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-February/019851.html.The meeting will conclude with 15 minutes of General Discussion. All participants are encouraged to review the meeting agenda in advance and provide feedback, proposed topic changes, additions, or questions they would like to pre-register on the agenda. A reminder with a finalized agenda will be sent before the meeting.</summary>
    <published>2022-02-02T20:29:19+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
