<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>2</id>
  <title>Combined summary - Jamming mitigation call</title>
  <updated>2023-06-04T04:26:59.021792+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Loki Verloren 2022-12-09 11:39:08</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Antoine Riard 2022-12-09 03:30:51</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Clara Shikhelman 2022-12-08 16:07:55</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Clara Shikhelman 2022-12-09 03:51:31</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Clara Shikhelman 2022-11-28 02:47:33</name>
  </author>
  <link href="lightning-dev/Dec_2022/003797_Jamming-mitigation-call.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="lightning-dev/Dec_2022/003793_Jamming-mitigation-call.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="lightning-dev/Dec_2022/003790_Jamming-mitigation-call.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="lightning-dev/Dec_2022/003794_Jamming-mitigation-call.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="lightning-dev/Nov_2022/003769_Jamming-mitigation-call.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>2</id>
    <title>Combined summary - Jamming mitigation call</title>
    <updated>2023-06-04T04:26:59.021792+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/lightning-dev/2022-December/003797.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>A recent email exchange between Clara Shikhelman and Antoine Riard discussed the agenda for an upcoming meeting regarding potential solutions for channel jamming in Lightning Networks. The first item on the agenda is to discuss which parameters should be considered in reputation-based solutions. Antoine suggests that before discussing such parameters, they should first determine the security goal they aim to achieve with any potential jamming solution. Different solutions have been proposed to tackle jamming on the network, such as increasing the opportunity cost for attackers, reducing jamming intensity, inflicting on-chain fee damage cost back to the adversary, or achieving economic hedge of the routing hops. Circuit-breaker and congestion control of HTLC flows are also discussed during the meeting. Another topic under discussion is the onion relay network and its potential uses and rate-limits. They suggest leveraging more the channel-network topology for the design of a solution. Finally, reliable transcripts are recommended to maintain a community repository where issues, problems, and ideas can be recorded. Clara has shared the agenda for an upcoming meeting taking place on Monday, December 12th at 7 pm UTC. The meeting will cover three main topics: which parameters should be considered in reputation-based solutions, Circuitbreaker, and the Onion relay network and its potential uses. Developers have suggested having monthly meetings instead of biweekly, but summaries will be provided for those who cannot attend. Additionally, Antoine suggests having reliable transcripts and maintaining a community repository where they can pin issues, problems, and ideas.In addition, there was a call scheduled on November 28th at 7 pm UTC to discuss solutions for some recent conversations. The agenda for the call includes an overview of solutions under discussion, reputation (local/tokens), and fees. Clara shared a link to the call which can be accessed at https://meet.jit.si/UnjammingLN. The recent conversations that prompted this call can be found at [1] and [2].</summary>
    <published>2022-12-09T11:39:08+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
