<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>Taproot activation meeting on IRC - Tuesday 16th March 19:00 UTC</title>
  <updated>2023-06-14T19:29:35.979363+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Luke Dashjr 2021-03-15 19:37:37</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>Taproot activation meeting on IRC - Tuesday 16th March 19:00 UTC</title>
    <updated>2023-06-14T19:29:35.979363+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-March/018638.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>Jeremy expressed concern about the short notice given for consensus meetings and suggested postponing it by a week to avoid low turnout. However, Luke argued that delaying the meeting may imply rejection of the original plan, so at least an attempt should be made to hold the meeting the following day. In addition, he proposed having general discussions every other week to prevent such issues in the future. The agenda for the meeting included discussing the Speedy Trial proposal and making progress on the activation plan. The meeting was tentatively scheduled for March 16th but could be postponed if attendance was too low. Luke reminded everyone that the IRC channel was available for ongoing discussions.</summary>
    <published>2021-03-15T19:37:37+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
