<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>Taproot activation meeting on IRC - Tuesday 16th March 19:00 UTC</title>
  <updated>2023-06-14T19:29:28.457424+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2021-03-15 20:59:11</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>Taproot activation meeting on IRC - Tuesday 16th March 19:00 UTC</title>
    <updated>2023-06-14T19:29:28.457424+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-March/018639.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>On March 15th, a tentative meeting was announced in freenode's ##Taproot-activation IRC channel to discuss the proposed Speedy Trial activation plan and adjust the previous BIP8 activation parameters. The meeting was scheduled for the following day, March 16th, at 19:00 UTC. However, some participants expressed concerns over the short notice of less than 24 hours and suggested postponing the meeting by a week to allow more time for planning. Luke Dashjr, who initiated the meeting, argued that a delay would imply rejection of sticking to the original plan and suggested having a general discussion on March 16th instead. Dashjr stated that if someone wishes to insist on keeping the current timeline, software supporting it should be released on March 15th itself. He also noted that too few people have been involved in materializing the main activation plan and called for more active participation to avoid further delays. Dashjr proposed moving the startheight for post-Speedy Trial activation and emphasized the need to achieve progress even before the completion of Speedy Trial. The agenda for the meeting included discussing the proposed Speedy Trial activation plan and achieving comparable consensus on it, moving the startheight for post-Speedy Trial activation, and making progress on the main activation plan by involving more people actively. The meeting was tentatively scheduled for March 16th but could be postponed by a week if turnout was too low. The IRC channel is open for ongoing discussion, and a web chat client is available for communication.</summary>
    <published>2021-03-15T20:59:11+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
