<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>Taproot activation meeting on IRC - Tuesday 16th March 19:00 UTC</title>
  <updated>2023-06-14T19:28:59.892413+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Prayank 2021-03-19 16:55:27</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>Taproot activation meeting on IRC - Tuesday 16th March 19:00 UTC</title>
    <updated>2023-06-14T19:28:59.892413+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-March/018698.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>The conversation revolves around the block time interval of Bitcoin and the protocol for p2p decentralized network. The speaker agrees with the opinions of Greg Maxwell and Chris Belcher regarding the matter and has been sharing them on various platforms. They emphasize that Bitcoin is a protocol, and users are free to run whatever implementation they prefer. The speaker denies the assumption of the existence of any entity that gets to decide what goes on and exclude others from the decision-making process. Instead, they expect experienced individuals to lead the development of Bitcoin. The mention of "we're all Satoshi" refers to learning from the past and not discouraging discussions about soft forks that will improve Bitcoin. Lastly, the speaker asks for suggestions on better venues for Taproot-related meetings that would not have any issues.</summary>
    <published>2021-03-19T16:55:27+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
