<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>Taproot activation meeting on IRC - Tuesday 16th March 19:00 UTC</title>
  <updated>2023-06-14T19:30:06.819414+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Prayank 2021-03-17 08:21:39</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>Taproot activation meeting on IRC - Tuesday 16th March 19:00 UTC</title>
    <updated>2023-06-14T19:30:06.819414+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-March/018685.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>The discussion revolves around the Taproot activation mechanism, and some users are concerned about the speed of the upgrade. However, others argue that it is not rushed and that there is still time for the UASF if required. The aim is to improve Bitcoin and not for quick gains. Lightning Network is a separate project focused on layer 2, which will benefit from Taproot. While "we" do not change things established in the past, MAST threshold can be lower to speed up the upgrade without representing an economic majority. Everyone should be welcome to participate in meetings, ask questions, learn more and contribute, but involving as few people as possible can help get the job done regarding the software and parameters of the new consensus.</summary>
    <published>2021-03-17T08:21:39+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
