<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>(Recurring) Taproot activation meeting on IRC - Tuesday 23rd March 19:00 UTC + every fortnight</title>
  <updated>2023-06-14T19:45:13.730180+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2021-03-21 18:10:42</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>(Recurring) Taproot activation meeting on IRC - Tuesday 23rd March 19:00 UTC + every fortnight</title>
    <updated>2023-06-14T19:45:13.730180+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-March/018707.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>Jeremy Rubin has sent a reminder email for the Taproot Activation Meeting, which he will be hosting. The meeting is scheduled for 19:00 UTC on Tuesday (12pm Pacific Time). Participants are encouraged to pre-register any comments today or tomorrow, as well as any concerns about using a Speedy Trial to activate Taproot. The focus of the meeting will be to raise any blocking issues and attempt to finalize parameter selection. There will also be discussions about selecting between start/stop heights and times for a speedy trial, parameter selection for start/stop/active points, parameter flexibility, and simultaneous UASF. Participants who cannot attend the meeting can pre-register their comments by replying to the email. Pre-registered comments should be limited to certain categories described in the email to keep the meeting focused. There is an attached ICS file with scheduling for this meeting and subsequent meetings in advance. The channel is open for ongoing discussion, and there is a web chat client available for participants.</summary>
    <published>2021-03-21T18:10:42+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
