<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>(Recurring) Taproot activation meeting on IRC - Tuesday 23rd March 19:00 UTC + every fortnight</title>
  <updated>2023-06-14T19:45:20.978731+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Michael Folkson 2021-03-22 12:10:03</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>(Recurring) Taproot activation meeting on IRC - Tuesday 23rd March 19:00 UTC + every fortnight</title>
    <updated>2023-06-14T19:45:20.978731+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-March/018711.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>The activation of Taproot is becoming a priority for all those with a stake in it, with the proposed start height being May 1st. It is encouraged that everyone attends the meeting on Tuesday to raise any specific concerns regarding block height versus MTP and proposed timetables. The min activation height dragging into December should be avoided, with November being an ideal time. There is some wiggle room with regards to the exact timetable to ensure the optimal code is merged. Michael Folkson can be contacted via email or Keybase, and his PGP key is provided.</summary>
    <published>2021-03-22T12:10:03+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
