<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>2</id>
  <title>Combined summary - Taproot activation meeting on IRC - Tuesday 16th March 19:00 UTC</title>
  <updated>2023-06-14T19:31:29.172043+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Emil Pfeffer 2021-03-19 10:45:44</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Prayank 2021-03-19 16:55:27</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2021-03-15 19:14:02</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2021-03-15 20:59:11</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Prayank 2021-03-19 16:55:27</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2021-03-15 19:14:02</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2021-03-15 20:59:11</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Emil Pfeffer 2021-03-19 10:45:44</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Prayank 2021-03-19 16:55:27</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Luke Dashjr 2021-03-15 17:20:04</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Luke Dashjr 2021-03-15 19:37:37</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Luke Dashjr 2021-03-15 21:46:35</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Luke Dashjr 2021-03-15 19:37:37</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Emil Pfeffer 2021-03-19 10:45:44</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Luke Dashjr 2021-03-15 19:37:37</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Luke Dashjr 2021-03-15 21:46:35</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Emil Pfeffer 2021-03-16 17:42:33</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Prayank 2021-03-17 08:21:39</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Luke Dashjr 2021-03-15 17:20:04</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2021-03-15 19:14:02</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2021-03-15 20:59:11</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Emil Pfeffer 2021-03-16 17:42:33</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Prayank 2021-03-17 08:21:39</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Luke Dashjr 2021-03-15 17:20:04</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Luke Dashjr 2021-03-15 21:46:35</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Emil Pfeffer 2021-03-16 17:42:33</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Prayank 2021-03-17 08:21:39</name>
  </author>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018697_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018698_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018637_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018639_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018698_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018637_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018639_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018697_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018698_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018636_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018638_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018640_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018638_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018697_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018638_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018640_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018671_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018685_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018636_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018637_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018639_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018671_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018685_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018636_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018640_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018671_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018685_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>2</id>
    <title>Combined summary - Taproot activation meeting on IRC - Tuesday 16th March 19:00 UTC</title>
    <updated>2023-06-14T19:31:29.172043+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-March/018697.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>Developers are discussing the proposed activation plan for Taproot, with a meeting scheduled for March 16th to discuss the Speedy Trial activation plan. Some developers believe that changing established rules and rushing upgrades sets a bad precedent for Bitcoin development, while others argue that involving fewer people will make it easier to get the job done. A previous meeting had agreed on BIP8 activation parameters except LOT, assuming a release would occur around this time, but progress has been slow on materializing the main activation plan, and more developers need to get involved if it is going to move forward. Luke Dashjr, a Bitcoin Core developer, has been discussing the timeline and recommendation from the meeting on February 16th regarding the activation proposal for Taproot. The first period overlaps with the last period of AChow's ST pull request. While a release today is impossible, waiting for a week without making any progress is not preferable either.The upcoming meeting agenda includes discussing the proposal for Speedy Trial activation parameters and adjusting them accordingly. Post ST main activation moving startheight later is recommended due to insufficient progress made and to avoid conflict with the current ST draft. Additionally, more people need to get actively involved in materialising the main activation plan if it's going to move forward. This should not wait for ST to complete unless another 4-5 month slip of the timeline is acceptable.The meeting is tentatively scheduled for March 16th at the usual time of 19:00 UTC in freenode's ##Taproot-activation IRC channel. It may be postponed if turnout is low. The discussion revolves around the Taproot activation mechanism, and some users are concerned about the speed of the upgrade. However, others argue that it is not rushed and that there is still time for the UASF if required. The aim is to improve Bitcoin and not for quick gains. Lightning Network is a separate project focused on layer 2, which will benefit from Taproot. While "we" do not change things established in the past, MAST threshold can be lower to speed up the upgrade without representing an economic majority.A member of the Bitcoin community has requested meetings to be scheduled with more than 24 hours' notice, as it has happened several times. They propose postponing the meeting for a week so that anyone who wants to attend can plan to do so and to avoid an arbitrary "too low turnout" measure. Luke Dashjr argued that a delay would imply rejection of sticking to the original plan and suggested having a general discussion on March 16th instead. Dashjr stated that if someone wishes to insist on keeping the current timeline, software supporting it should be released on March 15th itself.The agenda for the meeting included discussing the proposed Speedy Trial activation plan and achieving comparable consensus on it, moving the startheight for post-Speedy Trial activation, and making progress on the main activation plan by involving more people actively. In conclusion, developers are working on the activation proposal for Taproot, with disagreements over the implementation of the Speedy Trial activation plan. The aim is to improve Bitcoin and not for quick gains, and more developers need to get involved in materializing the main activation plan. A meeting is scheduled for March 16th to discuss these issues, but it may be postponed if turnout is too low. The IRC channel is open for ongoing discussion, and a web chat client is available for communication. The email exchange also mentioned the need for better venues for Taproot-related meetings that would not have any issues.</summary>
    <published>2021-03-19T10:45:44+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
