<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>2</id>
  <title>Combined summary - March 23rd 2021 Taproot Activation Meeting Notes</title>
  <updated>2023-06-14T19:49:19.103537+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>eric at voskuil.org 2021-04-07 15:25:22</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Michael Folkson 2021-03-24 11:23:53</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Michael Folkson 2021-03-24 11:23:53</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Rusty Russell 2021-04-06 04:25:21</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Rusty Russell 2021-04-07 05:01:13</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Claus Ehrenberg 2021-04-07 13:42:01</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Rusty Russell 2021-04-06 04:25:21</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Ryan Grant 2021-04-07 01:20:15</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Anthony Towns 2021-04-08 11:11:06</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>eric at voskuil.org 2021-04-07 15:25:22</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Matt Corallo 2021-04-07 17:13:11</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Anthony Towns 2021-03-25 07:02:04</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2021-03-25 14:30:52</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Rusty Russell 2021-04-07 05:01:13</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Claus Ehrenberg 2021-04-07 13:42:01</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Anthony Towns 2021-04-08 11:11:06</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Michael Folkson 2021-03-24 19:14:12</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Rusty Russell 2021-04-07 05:01:13</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Matt Corallo 2021-04-07 17:13:11</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2021-03-24 03:46:54</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2021-03-24 18:10:17</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Anthony Towns 2021-03-25 07:02:04</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2021-03-25 14:30:52</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Ryan Grant 2021-04-07 01:20:15</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Anthony Towns 2021-04-08 11:11:06</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2021-03-24 03:46:54</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2021-03-24 18:10:17</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Michael Folkson 2021-03-24 19:14:12</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Rusty Russell 2021-04-06 04:25:21</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Ryan Grant 2021-04-07 01:20:15</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Matt Corallo 2021-04-07 17:13:11</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2021-03-24 03:46:54</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2021-03-24 18:10:17</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Anthony Towns 2021-03-25 07:02:04</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2021-03-25 14:30:52</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Claus Ehrenberg 2021-04-07 13:42:01</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>eric at voskuil.org 2021-04-07 15:25:22</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Michael Folkson 2021-03-24 11:23:53</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Michael Folkson 2021-03-24 19:14:12</name>
  </author>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018751_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018716_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018716_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018745_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018749_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018750_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018745_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018748_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018754_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018751_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018752_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018720_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018721_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018749_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018750_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018754_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018719_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018749_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018752_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018715_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018718_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018720_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018721_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018748_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018754_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018715_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018718_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018719_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018745_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018748_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018752_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018715_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018718_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018720_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018721_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018750_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018751_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018716_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018719_March-23rd-2021-Taproot-Activation-Meeting-Notes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>2</id>
    <title>Combined summary - March 23rd 2021 Taproot Activation Meeting Notes</title>
    <updated>2023-06-14T19:49:19.103537+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-April/018751.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>The Bitcoin development team recently held a meeting to discuss the upcoming release of Taproot. The team is aiming for a May 1st release date with an activation time of around November 15th. There was discussion about parameter selection, including whether to use block heights consistently or a mix of both block heights and MTP in the activation mechanism. Although there was disagreement on this topic, the team is working towards finding a solution that works best for the community.The team also discussed the activation mechanism for Taproot. Some members suggested creating a contingency plan for a chain split if necessary, while others believed that this doesn't address the underlying issue of how to establish consensus in the first place. Rusty Russell discussed the core question of what to do if miners fail to activate and suggested that users should decide. However, there are downsides to LOT=true, including the requirement to drop blocks from apathetic miners and the risk of a chain split if gauging economic majority support goes poorly.In a recent email thread on the bitcoin-dev mailing list, Michael Folkson expressed his preference for consistent use of block height in the activation mechanism. Jeremy Rubin disagreed with this preference and argued for using MTP w/ min active height, stating that it is technically justified and not a weird choice at all. During the meeting, several other topics were discussed, including the use of a speedy trial variant, selecting between heights and MTP, and simultaneous UASF. While there were different perspectives on these topics, the team was able to reach some consensus. Ultimately, the Bitcoin development team is working on selecting parameters for the upcoming release of Taproot while discussing various activation mechanisms and UASF options. Despite disagreements, the team is committed to finding solutions that work best for the Bitcoin community.</summary>
    <published>2021-04-07T15:25:22+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
