<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>2</id>
  <title>Combined summary - (Recurring) Taproot activation meeting on IRC - Tuesday 23rd March 19:00 UTC + every fortnight</title>
  <updated>2023-06-14T19:45:41.711654+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2021-03-19 21:41:43</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2021-03-19 21:41:43</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2021-03-21 18:10:42</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2021-03-21 18:10:42</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Michael Folkson 2021-03-22 12:10:03</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2021-03-19 21:41:43</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Michael Folkson 2021-03-22 12:10:03</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2021-03-21 18:10:42</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Michael Folkson 2021-03-22 12:10:03</name>
  </author>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018699_-Recurring-Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-23rd-March-19-00-UTC-every-fortnight.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018699_-Recurring-Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-23rd-March-19-00-UTC-every-fortnight.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018707_-Recurring-Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-23rd-March-19-00-UTC-every-fortnight.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018707_-Recurring-Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-23rd-March-19-00-UTC-every-fortnight.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018711_-Recurring-Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-23rd-March-19-00-UTC-every-fortnight.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018699_-Recurring-Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-23rd-March-19-00-UTC-every-fortnight.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018711_-Recurring-Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-23rd-March-19-00-UTC-every-fortnight.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018707_-Recurring-Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-23rd-March-19-00-UTC-every-fortnight.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2021/018711_-Recurring-Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-23rd-March-19-00-UTC-every-fortnight.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>2</id>
    <title>Combined summary - (Recurring) Taproot activation meeting on IRC - Tuesday 23rd March 19:00 UTC + every fortnight</title>
    <updated>2023-06-14T19:45:41.711654+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-March/018699.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>Jeremy Rubin has proposed a Taproot Activation Meeting to finalize parameter selection and resolve any blocking issues. The meeting is scheduled for Tuesday and will be held fortnightly in the future. Attendees are required to pre-register their comments, and the meeting will focus on resolving outstanding concerns around using a Speedy Trial to activate Taproot, selecting between start/stop heights and times for a speedy trial, parameter selection for start/stop/active points, parameter flexibility, and simultaneous UASF. Participants can also use the web chat client for ongoing discussion.The activation of Taproot is becoming a priority for all those with a stake in it, with the proposed start height being May 1st. It is encouraged that everyone attends the meeting on Tuesday to raise any specific concerns regarding block height versus MTP and proposed timetables. The min activation height dragging into December should be avoided, with November being an ideal time. Michael Folkson can be contacted via email or Keybase, and his PGP key is provided. Participants are encouraged to pre-register their comments today or tomorrow, as well as any concerns about using a Speedy Trial to activate Taproot. The focus of the meeting will be to raise any blocking issues and attempt to finalize parameter selection. There will also be discussions about selecting between start/stop heights and times for a speedy trial, parameter selection for start/stop/active points, parameter flexibility, and simultaneous UASF. Participants who cannot attend the meeting can pre-register their comments by replying to the email. Pre-registered comments should be limited to certain categories described in the email to keep the meeting focused. There is an attached ICS file with scheduling for this meeting and subsequent meetings in advance. In conclusion, the Taproot Activation Meeting is a crucial event for stakeholders in Taproot activation. The meeting aims to finalize parameter selection, resolve blocking issues, and select between start/stop heights and times for a speedy trial. Participants are encouraged to pre-register their comments and concerns, with specific categories provided in the email. The activation of Taproot is becoming a priority, and it is important to avoid dragging the min activation height into December. Michael Folkson can be contacted for more information.</summary>
    <published>2021-03-19T21:41:43+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
