<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>L2s Onchain Support IRC Workshop</title>
  <updated>2023-06-03T03:56:11.288113+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Bastien TEINTURIER 2021-04-23 16:17:36</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>L2s Onchain Support IRC Workshop</title>
    <updated>2023-06-03T03:56:11.288113+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/lightning-dev/2021-April/003006.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>A proposal for a series of IRC meetings has been put forward as a substitute to in-person workshops to discuss areas requiring significant improvements to ease design and deployment of higher Bitcoin layers. The scope of the discussion will include topics such as package relay design or another generic L2 fee-bumping primitive, deprecation of opt-in RBF toward full-RBF, guidelines about coordinated cross-layers security disclosures, and guidelines about L2 protocols onchain security design. The goals of the meetings will be to reach technical consensus, establish a security incident response policy, and establish a philosophy design and associated documentations (BIPs, best practices, etc.). The timeline for the meetings is set to commence in late May or June. Interested participants are free to get involved in the discussions.</summary>
    <published>2021-04-23T16:17:36+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
