<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>L2s Onchain Support IRC Workshop</title>
  <updated>2023-06-03T03:55:37.194261+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2021-04-23 15:25:19</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>L2s Onchain Support IRC Workshop</title>
    <updated>2023-06-03T03:55:37.194261+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/lightning-dev/2021-April/003003.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>A developer has proposed a series of online meetings to discuss improvements that need to be made to the tx-relay and mempool acceptance rules of the base layer, which have caused security and operational issues for Lightning and other Bitcoin second-layers in recent years. The meetings will cover four topics: package relay design or another generic L2 fee-bumping primitive like sponsorship; deprecation of opt-in RBF toward full-rbf; guidelines about coordinated cross-layers security disclosures; and guidelines about L2 protocols onchain security design. The goal is to reach technical consensus and establish a philosophy design and associated documentations. The timeline includes a two-week consultation period, IRC meetings in late May or June, and publication of an agenda in mid-May. A GitHub collection of documents has been created to assist with the workshop.</summary>
    <published>2021-04-23T15:25:19+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
