<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>2</id>
  <title>Combined summary - L2s Onchain Support IRC Workshop</title>
  <updated>2023-06-04T01:19:44.878250+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Antoine Riard 2021-04-23 15:11:56</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2021-04-23 15:25:19</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Antoine Riard 2021-04-23 15:39:15</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Bastien TEINTURIER 2021-04-23 16:17:36</name>
  </author>
  <link href="lightning-dev/April_2021/003002_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="lightning-dev/April_2021/003003_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="lightning-dev/April_2021/003004_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="lightning-dev/April_2021/003006_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>2</id>
    <title>Combined summary - L2s Onchain Support IRC Workshop</title>
    <updated>2023-06-04T01:19:44.878250+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/lightning-dev/2021-April/003002.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>A proposal has been made for a series of IRC meetings to discuss the need for significant improvements in tx-relay and mempool acceptance rules of the base layer, which have caused security and operational concerns for Lightning and other Bitcoin second-layers. The proposed topics include package relay design, deprecation of opt-in RBF toward full-RBF, guidelines about coordinated cross-layers security disclosures, and guidelines about L2 protocols onchain security design. Due to travel restrictions, an in-person workshop will not be possible this year, but the substitution of IRC meetings will enable more people interested in these issues to participate. The goals of the meetings are to reach technical consensus, establish a security incident response policy, philosophy design, and associated documentation (BIPs, best practices, etc.). Additional topic suggestions related to tx-relay or mempools improvements are welcome during the 2-week consultation period before finalizing the scope and agenda. The timeline includes a two-week consultation period from April 23 to May 7, followed by IRC meetings scheduled for late May or June of 2021. To assist with the workshop, the proposer has started a collection of documents available at https://github.com/ariard/L2-zoology, which include reading suggestions and open questions to structure discussions. The proposer is also working on simulations of transaction pinning and mempool partition attacks. Those interested in L2s security/p2p/mempool can get involved in the discussion.</summary>
    <published>2021-04-23T15:11:56+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
