<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>[META] Organization of 1.1 Spec Effort</title>
  <updated>2023-06-02T15:06:39.229843+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Rusty Russell 2018-12-11 00:48:59</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>[META] Organization of 1.1 Spec Effort</title>
    <updated>2023-06-02T15:06:39.229843+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/lightning-dev/2018-December/001738.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>Matt Corallo is inquiring about updates on a conference call, which appeared to have only sparsely attended and was not favored by those who did attend. Rusty Russell responds that there is always a representative from Eclair, lnd and c-lightning at the calls, with several others usually present. Rusty also mentions that there was a consensus at the Hangouts meeting to try an IRC format for the next meeting, and he will send out a proper announcement message.</summary>
    <published>2018-12-11T00:48:59+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
