<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>0</id>
  <title>Tuesday’s IRC workshop on L2 onchain support</title>
  <updated>2023-05-21T02:41:11.196595+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Michael Folkson 2021-06-17 17:01:59</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>0</id>
    <title>Tuesday’s IRC workshop on L2 onchain support</title>
    <updated>2023-05-21T02:41:11.196595+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-June/019079.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>The Bitcoin developer community held a workshop to discuss ways to strengthen the security assumption of Layer 2 (L2) protocols, such as Lightning and DLCs, which elevate transaction propagation and inclusion in a time-sensitive mined block. However, it was acknowledged that there will never be perfect security guarantees on network transaction fee rates or transaction relay, and that transaction acceptance can never be guaranteed. The workshop discussed several considerations, including blocked transaction propagation, fee-sensitive timelocks, and mining pools exposing public APIs to push transactions directly. Some changes to Bitcoin Core, such as privacy improvements, can conflict with the goal of minimizing transaction propagation times. Therefore, Chris_Stewart_5 suggested creating a nightly bitcoind build to allow L2 developers to write regression tests against the latest builds of bitcoind. The group also discussed full replace-by-fee (RBF) proposals, with ariard proposing full RBF in a future version of Bitcoin Core. However, BlueMatt pointed out that even with full RBF, it is trivial to create mempool partitions, and ariard plans to contact businesses relying on zero confirmations to check if this potential change presents a problem for them. Next week's meeting will focus on fee bumping and package relay that glozow has been working on in Bitcoin Core. The discussion log and additional notes can be found in the L2 zoology repo set up by ariard.</summary>
    <published>2021-06-17T17:01:59+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
