<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>Tuesday’s IRC workshop on L2 onchain support</title>
  <updated>2023-06-14T23:19:54.061775+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Michael Folkson 2021-06-22 18:40:19</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>Tuesday’s IRC workshop on L2 onchain support</title>
    <updated>2023-06-14T23:19:54.061775+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-June/019098.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>The Bitcoin community discussed fee-sensitive timelocks, which could be obtained by keeping track of the median transaction fee rate over a window of X blocks. Future discussion and drafted proposals are encouraged outside of the workshops. The second workshop on package relay and fee bumping was also announced. There are considerations that blocked transaction propagation isn’t necessarily a problem for the victim if it is also blocked for the attacker. Some successful attacks present an opportunity for the victim to divert their funds to miner fees ensuring the attacker doesn’t financially benefit from the attack. New ideas were brought up such as fee-sensitive timelocks would need a soft fork. Ariard briefly discussed the idea of a transaction relay overlay network. Harding stated his opinion that we should be leaning more on miners’ profit incentive rather than attempting to normalize mempool policy. Full RBF in a future version of Bitcoin Core was also proposed, but BlueMatt pointed out that even with full RBF it is trivial to create mempool partitions. Next week’s meeting will be on fee bumping and package relay that glozow has recently been working to advance in Bitcoin Core.</summary>
    <published>2021-06-22T18:40:19+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
