<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>On a new community process to specify covenants</title>
  <updated>2023-06-15T23:05:26.325056+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Antoine Riard 2022-09-16 18:59:50</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>On a new community process to specify covenants</title>
    <updated>2023-06-15T23:05:26.325056+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-September/020923.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>Antoine Riard and Buck O Perley have discussed the development of Bitcoin through a long-term R&amp;D effort. They agree that organic working groups (WGs) are likely to be good avenues for the ecosystem to make steady and substantial progress during the coming future. The rich network of open, neutral and decentralized communication networks and spaces has been nurtured through the past decade, and they hope that is a tradition that will be maintained. Defining a communication channel is still an open question, with IRC being the best option but perhaps too high a barrier to entry. In contrast, discord may be an alternative. They also discussed taproot activation discussions, which would be considered off-topic and discouraged in the proposed WG. How any of these primitives end up getting activated is more a deployment methodology concern, while the interesting part is why any of those primitives would be valuable as a Bitcoin upgrade. There is significant work to collect feedback on many dimensions and set of criterias that matter to community stakeholders to achieve a consistent and sound "why". If there are grounded objections, it could induce a step back to the "R&amp;D" whiteboard phase in a circular feedback loop fashion. Bipbounty.org was also discussed, with opportunities to work with them if the group develops specific, achievable research goals such as building out use cases, researching vulnerabilities or limitations, etc. Bipbounty.org could help support these efforts in a more decentralized way by diversifying funding. Lastly, they both agreed that having multiple WGs happening at once, in an asynchronous and decentralized fashion, neutral from centralized companies or cultural mobs is ideal. An in-person meetup would give a nice goal to work towards and a way to measure progress.</summary>
    <published>2022-09-16T18:59:50+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
