<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>On a new community process to specify covenants</title>
  <updated>2023-06-15T23:04:59.938267+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Buck O Perley 2022-09-12 00:05:18</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>On a new community process to specify covenants</title>
    <updated>2023-06-15T23:04:59.938267+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-September/020916.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>The author expresses gratitude to Antoine for initiating a community group, which they believe is important as the ecosystem grows and helps resist the "Tyranny of Structurelessness." They discuss various communication channels for the group, with the author suggesting Discord or publishing logs for IRC. The ideal time for regular meetings is suggested to be in November after Bitcoin conferences, and softfork activation discussions will be off-topic and discouraged as it is a long-term R&amp;D effort. However, the author expresses concerns about prioritizing the taproot activation process, recommending that it should have its own working group to keep these topics separate, informing the creation of another space focused on forwarding research and discussion around how to introduce upgrades to Bitcoin. The author believes that multiple groups should operate simultaneously and separately from centralized companies, and bipbounty.org could help support these efforts in a more decentralized way by diversifying funding. The author also suggests holding an in-person meetup six months to a year after the start of regular online meetings, giving a goal to work towards and a way to measure progress.</summary>
    <published>2022-09-12T00:05:18+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
