<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>On a new community process to specify covenants</title>
  <updated>2023-06-15T23:05:10.140534+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Ryan Grant 2022-09-13 16:02:35</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>On a new community process to specify covenants</title>
    <updated>2023-06-15T23:05:10.140534+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-September/020918.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>A member of the bitcoin-dev community has expressed appreciation for the initiative to create groups that can resist the "Tyranny of Structurelessness" without resorting to formalized governance processes and systems, and suggested that such groups will become increasingly important as the community and ecosystem continue to grow. There is an ongoing discussion on defining a communication channel for the group with options including IRC, Slack, Discord, and Discourse. The group seems to be leaning towards using IRC as it remains the lowest barrier for participants to contribute. The timing for regular meetings is being suggested for November after the upcoming cycle of Bitcoin conferences. One suggestion was made to have a separate WG focused on activation which could inform creating a separate space focused on forwarding research and discussion around how to introduce upgrades to bitcoin. The member also expressed the desire to have multiple groups operating separately from centralized companies and to avoid focusing on only one set of protocol advancements at a time. Finally, there was a suggestion to commit to an in-person meetup six months to a year after the start of regular online meetings.</summary>
    <published>2022-09-13T16:02:35+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
