<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>Weekly development meetings on IRC</title>
  <updated>2023-06-10T22:45:18.738976+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Jonas Schnelli 2015-09-18 07:04:58</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>Weekly development meetings on IRC</title>
    <updated>2023-06-10T22:45:18.738976+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011057.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>On Friday, September 18, 2015 Wladimir J. van der Laan proposed a regular developer meeting in #bitcoin-dev to discuss current issues. The attendance was voluntary, but the time would be set so that many people are expected to be present. However, it was made clear that these meetings were for discussion purposes only and no decisions will be made. A suggestion was made to hold these meetings every week on Thursday from 15:00-16:00 UTC. A Doodle poll was created to decide on the preferred date and time. Jonas agreed with the weekly IRC meetings and signed off with a PGP signature.</summary>
    <published>2015-09-18T07:04:58+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
