<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>Weekly development meetings on IRC</title>
  <updated>2023-06-10T22:44:16.868978+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Wladimir J. van der Laan 2015-09-18 01:07:10</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>Weekly development meetings on IRC</title>
    <updated>2023-06-10T22:44:16.868978+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011049.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>During a code sprint meeting on Monday, it was suggested to schedule a regular developer meeting in the #bitcoin-dev channel. While attendance is voluntary, the idea is to have a set time for developers to discuss current issues related to Bitcoin. The group is currently discussing potential days and times that would work best for everyone. One suggestion was to hold meetings every Thursday from 15:00-16:00 UTC. The hope is that this will provide an opportunity for developers to collaborate more effectively.</summary>
    <published>2015-09-18T01:07:10+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
