<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>2015-09-24 #bitcoin-dev Weekly Development Meeting Minutes</title>
  <updated>2023-06-10T23:04:29.955183+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Daniel Stadulis 2015-09-25 00:29:02</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>2015-09-24 #bitcoin-dev Weekly Development Meeting Minutes</title>
    <updated>2023-06-10T23:04:29.955183+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>On September 24, 2015, the #bitcoin-dev Weekly Development Meeting was held from 19:00-20:00 UTC. Attendees included several developers such as luke-jr, CodeShark, sipa, morcos, sdaftuar, dstadulis, jtimon, wumpus, jgarzik, kanzure, gmaxwell, cfields, and gavinandresen. The meeting minutes and IRC chat logs can be found on bitcoinstats.com. During the meeting, several topics were discussed including libconsensus and refactoring, all goals for the 0.12 release, BIP process, and current/near-term “what are you working on”. Specifically, the discussion on the 0.12 release brought up whether libsecp256k1 is ready for it, and it was suggested that a native OSX travis build was needed. Additionally, there was a proposal to propose libsecp256k1 validation PR as soon as all currently-in-pipeline API changes are merged. Other topics discussed included OP_CHECKSEQUENCEVERIFY, mempool limiting, version bits, and splitting off script base classes/execution for use in consensus.The meeting concluded with action items for everyone to review mempool pulls for concept, for libsecp256k1 to have a native OSX travis build, to propose libsecp256k1 validation PR, to review BIP 68 and specific pull requests, and for gmaxwell to assign a versionbits BIP number. The mempool limiting discussion was also delayed until the next meeting on October 1, 2015. A Google Doc was created to document the meeting's minutes and conclusions.</summary>
    <published>2015-09-25T00:29:02+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
