<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>2</id>
  <title>Combined summary - 2015-09-24 #bitcoin-dev Weekly Development Meeting Minutes</title>
  <updated>2023-06-10T23:04:48.019677+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Daniel Stadulis 2015-09-25 00:29:02</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Daniel Stadulis 2015-09-25 00:29:02</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Wladimir J. van der Laan 2015-09-28 18:26:14</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Wladimir J. van der Laan 2015-09-28 18:26:14</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Wladimir J. van der Laan 2015-09-28 18:26:14</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Daniel Stadulis 2015-09-25 00:29:02</name>
  </author>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Sept_2015/011190_2015-09-24-bitcoin-dev-Weekly-Development-Meeting-Minutes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Sept_2015/011190_2015-09-24-bitcoin-dev-Weekly-Development-Meeting-Minutes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Sept_2015/011232_2015-09-24-bitcoin-dev-Weekly-Development-Meeting-Minutes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Sept_2015/011232_2015-09-24-bitcoin-dev-Weekly-Development-Meeting-Minutes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Sept_2015/011232_2015-09-24-bitcoin-dev-Weekly-Development-Meeting-Minutes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Sept_2015/011190_2015-09-24-bitcoin-dev-Weekly-Development-Meeting-Minutes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>2</id>
    <title>Combined summary - 2015-09-24 #bitcoin-dev Weekly Development Meeting Minutes</title>
    <updated>2023-06-10T23:04:48.019677+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-September/011190.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>In September 2015, a Bitcoin development meeting was held with several developers in attendance such as luke-jr, CodeShark, sipa, morcos, sdaftuar, dstadulis, jtimon, wumpus, jgarzik, kanzure, gmaxwell, cfields, and gavinandresen. The meeting minutes and IRC chat logs can be found on bitcoinstats.com. Topics discussed included libconsensus and refactoring, all goals for the 0.12 release, BIP process, and current/near-term “what are you working on”. During the meeting, it was suggested that a native OSX travis build was needed to determine if libsecp256k1 is ready for the 0.12 release. There was also a proposal to propose libsecp256k1 validation PR as soon as all currently-in-pipeline API changes are merged. Other topics discussed included OP_CHECKSEQUENCEVERIFY, mempool limiting, version bits, and splitting off script base classes/execution for use in consensus.The meeting concluded with action items for everyone to review mempool pulls for concept, for libsecp256k1 to have a native OSX travis build, to propose libsecp256k1 validation PR, to review BIP 68 and specific pull requests, and for gmaxwell to assign a versionbits BIP number. The mempool limiting discussion was postponed until the next meeting on October 1, 2015. A Google Doc was created to document the meeting's minutes and conclusions.After the meeting, Daniel Stadulis shared the minutes via email with the rest of the attendees. Wladimir responded to this email, thanking Daniel for sharing the minutes and suggesting that they be posted on the wiki as well.</summary>
    <published>2015-09-25T00:29:02+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
