<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>IRC meetings moved to #bitcoin-core-dev</title>
  <updated>2023-06-11T04:13:05.876923+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Wladimir J. van der Laan 2016-03-01 09:46:25</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>IRC meetings moved to #bitcoin-core-dev</title>
    <updated>2023-06-11T04:13:05.876923+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2016-March/012484.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>Over the past two weeks, the weekly developer meeting for Bitcoin, which usually takes place in #bitcoin-dev, was held in #bitcoin-core-dev instead. This is due to MeetingBot being deactivated in #bitcoin-dev. The meetings are held every Thursday from 19:00-20:00 UTC. Wladimir has requested that this information be left as is without further action.</summary>
    <published>2016-03-01T09:46:25+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
