<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>0</id>
  <title>Wednesday’s second BIP process meeting</title>
  <updated>2023-05-22T15:53:01.954747+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Michael Folkson 2021-10-03 18:22:12</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>0</id>
    <title>Wednesday’s second BIP process meeting</title>
    <updated>2023-05-22T15:53:01.954747+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-October/019510.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>On Wednesday, the second BIP process meeting was held to discuss various topics related to Bitcoin Improvement Proposals (BIPs). The meeting log and a summary of the first meeting were made available online. The discussions covered several issues, including the limits of maximal decentralization, motivations for introducing alternative parallel processes, and Kalle Alm's proposal for BIP extensions. Participants discussed the downsides of pursuing maximal decentralization, as too many filters could lead to an Ethereum-style bewildering number of BIPs that need to be stored and maintained. While there is a desire for greater decentralization, it is much easier to monitor a single repository rather than an infinite number of repositories containing BIPs. The group also discussed past motivations for introducing alternative parallel processes to the BIPs, such as BOLTs and SLIPs. Anyone is free to set up a repo, add documentation, or even set up a parallel process to the BIPs. However, the community needs to prevent unnecessary splintering and understand why certain documents that should be BIPed are not being BIPed. Participants raised concerns about why BIP 48 did not happen and whether Lightning BOLTs should be BIPs in the future.Kalle Alm's proposal for BIP extensions was also discussed, with participants showing support for the proposal but requesting further clarity on when they would and would not be used. Using dates and/or short extension names was suggested as superior to extension numbers, which suggest an ordering and may cause confusion. Overall, the participants of both the BIP process meetings welcomed further discussion on the #bitcoin-dev Libera IRC channel, and progress is expected on a proposed BIP 3 update in the coming weeks and months.</summary>
    <published>2021-10-03T18:22:12+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
