<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>CTV Meeting #5 Agenda (Tuesday, March 7th, 12:00 PT)</title>
  <updated>2023-06-15T17:49:46.465391+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Jorge Tim√≥n 2022-03-09 11:02:35</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>CTV Meeting #5 Agenda (Tuesday, March 7th, 12:00 PT)</title>
    <updated>2023-06-15T17:49:46.465391+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-March/020090.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>The message is about a CTV meeting that will take place, which includes several agenda items such as Sapio Taproot support update, transaction sponsoring versus CPFP/RBF, Jamesob's Non-Recursive Vaults Post, and Q&amp;A. The speaker also mentions the confusion about different terminologies used on the mailing list. The conversation then shifts towards resisting the addition of Taproot to Bitcoin Core and discussing activation mechanisms for users to resist it actively. There are links provided in the message related to some of the agenda items, which can be useful for further understanding.</summary>
    <published>2022-03-09T11:02:35+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
