<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>Meeting Summary &amp; Logs for CTV Meeting #5</title>
  <updated>2023-06-15T17:50:54.790581+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Jorge Tim√≥n 2022-03-09 11:08:06</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>Meeting Summary &amp; Logs for CTV Meeting #5</title>
    <updated>2023-06-15T17:50:54.790581+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-March/020091.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>In a bitcoin-dev mailing list, Jeremy Rubin shared updates on various topics. Firstly, Sapio has Experimental Taproot Support now, and he mentioned that Rust-bitcoin can use help reviewing. Secondly, he explained the concept of Transaction Sponsors and why it doesn't have a BIP # assigned. Thirdly, James' Vaults Post was discussed, which is similar to prior art on recursive CTV vaults. Fourthly, the mailing list had a conversation about adding more power to protocols, and some proposed solutions for infrastructure issues for more flexible covenants. Finally, there was a general discussion on naming conventions and forking, with some participants expressing concern about ST and proposing unique names like "Hot Tub Coin Machine" and "OP_DOTHETHING".</summary>
    <published>2022-03-09T11:08:06+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
