<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>CTV Meeting #5 Agenda (Tuesday, March 7th, 12:00 PT)</title>
  <updated>2023-06-15T17:50:06.026861+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy Rubin 2022-03-08 03:32:13</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>CTV Meeting #5 Agenda (Tuesday, March 7th, 12:00 PT)</title>
    <updated>2023-06-15T17:50:06.026861+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-March/020083.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>On March 8th, there was a CTV meeting scheduled at noon PT with an agenda that included updates and discussions on various topics related to Bitcoin development. The first item on the agenda was a Sapio Taproot support update and request for review, which involved experimental support for Taproot merged on master. The second topic of discussion was Transaction Sponsoring v.s CPFP/RBF, which referred to two different methods of confirming transactions on the blockchain. The third topic was Jamesob's Non-Recursive Vaults Post, which discussed potential improvements to the security of Bitcoin wallets. The fourth item on the agenda was a broad discussion of recent developments in the Bitcoin community, including acronyms such as EVICT, TLUV, FOLD, Lisp, OP_ANNEX, Drivechain Covenants, and Jets. Finally, the meeting ended with a Q&amp;A session.</summary>
    <published>2022-03-08T03:32:13+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
