<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>0</id>
  <title>CTV Meeting #5 Agenda (Tuesday, March 7th, 12:00 PT)</title>
  <updated>2023-05-22T18:10:43.109790+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy Rubin 2022-03-08 02:50:39</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>0</id>
    <title>CTV Meeting #5 Agenda (Tuesday, March 7th, 12:00 PT)</title>
    <updated>2023-05-22T18:10:43.109790+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-March/020081.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>A CTV meeting is scheduled to take place tomorrow at noon PT, with an agenda that includes various topics. Firstly, there will be a 20-minute Sapio Taproot Support Update and Request for Review, which will discuss the experimental support for Taproot merged on master.Secondly, there will be a 20-minute session on Transaction Sponsoring versus CPFP/RBF, with links to relevant discussions provided in the agenda. Thirdly, Jamesob's Non-Recursive Vaults Post will be discussed for 20 minutes, with the link to the post shared in the agenda. Fourthly, there will be a 30-minute session dedicated to understanding some of the recent jargon being used on the mailing list, including EVICT, TLUV, FOLD, Lisp, OP_ANNEX, Drivechain Covenants, Jets, and more.Finally, there will be a 30-minute Q&amp;A session where attendees can ask questions and engage in discussions. The meeting is open to all interested parties.</summary>
    <published>2022-03-08T02:50:39+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
