<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>0</id>
  <title>Meeting Summary &amp; Logs for CTV Meeting #5</title>
  <updated>2023-05-22T18:11:50.631922+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy Rubin 2022-03-09 00:36:46</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>0</id>
    <title>Meeting Summary &amp; Logs for CTV Meeting #5</title>
    <updated>2023-05-22T18:11:50.631922+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-March/020086.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>The notes from the Bitcoin Core Tech meeting on March 8th, 2022, cover a few different topics. Firstly, Sapio now has experimental Taproot support, and people can see the logs for how to help. Rust-bitcoin could also use some help reviewing its pull request, which adds MuSig support for the oracle servers. Secondly, the meeting discussed transaction sponsors and how they differ from RBF/CPFP, and why there is no BIP number assigned yet. The third topic was about James' Vaults post, which explored how customizable vaults must be. Fourthly, the mailing list discussion covered the potential dangers of adding too much power to scripts, and the difficulty of generating a transition function for more flexible covenants. Finally, there was a general discussion about naming protocols and forking.</summary>
    <published>2022-03-09T00:36:46+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
