<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>CTV Meeting #5 Agenda (Tuesday, March 7th, 12:00 PT)</title>
  <updated>2023-06-15T17:49:39.076140+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Jorge Tim√≥n 2022-03-10 11:41:52</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>CTV Meeting #5 Agenda (Tuesday, March 7th, 12:00 PT)</title>
    <updated>2023-06-15T17:49:39.076140+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-March/020103.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>The email thread discusses the possibility of a soft fork proposal being added to Bitcoin core without community consensus, and the need for activation mechanisms that allow users to resist such proposals. The author expresses concern that criticism is not welcomed and is ignored by some developers, and suggests avoiding personal attacks while still holding developers accountable. The email also includes an agenda for a CTV meeting, which discusses experimental support for Taproot, transaction sponsoring versus CPFP/RBF, non-recursive vaults, and other topics. Overall, the discussion highlights the importance of community outreach and consensus-building in the development of Bitcoin consensus changes.</summary>
    <published>2022-03-10T11:41:52+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
