<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>2</id>
  <title>Combined summary - Meeting Summary &amp; Logs for CTV Meeting #5</title>
  <updated>2023-06-15T17:51:30.775150+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Jorge Timón 2022-03-09 11:08:06</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy Rubin 2022-03-09 00:36:46</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jorge Timón 2022-03-09 11:08:06</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jorge Timón 2022-03-10 11:28:55</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jorge Timón 2022-03-09 11:08:06</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>ZmnSCPxj 2022-03-09 14:42:36</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jorge Timón 2022-03-10 11:28:55</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy Rubin 2022-03-09 00:36:46</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>ZmnSCPxj 2022-03-09 14:42:36</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>ZmnSCPxj 2022-03-09 14:42:36</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jorge Timón 2022-03-10 11:28:55</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy Rubin 2022-03-09 00:36:46</name>
  </author>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020091_Meeting-Summary-Logs-for-CTV-Meeting-5.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020086_Meeting-Summary-Logs-for-CTV-Meeting-5.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020091_Meeting-Summary-Logs-for-CTV-Meeting-5.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020102_Meeting-Summary-Logs-for-CTV-Meeting-5.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020091_Meeting-Summary-Logs-for-CTV-Meeting-5.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020094_Meeting-Summary-Logs-for-CTV-Meeting-5.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020102_Meeting-Summary-Logs-for-CTV-Meeting-5.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020086_Meeting-Summary-Logs-for-CTV-Meeting-5.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020094_Meeting-Summary-Logs-for-CTV-Meeting-5.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020094_Meeting-Summary-Logs-for-CTV-Meeting-5.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020102_Meeting-Summary-Logs-for-CTV-Meeting-5.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020086_Meeting-Summary-Logs-for-CTV-Meeting-5.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>2</id>
    <title>Combined summary - Meeting Summary &amp; Logs for CTV Meeting #5</title>
    <updated>2023-06-15T17:51:30.776147+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-March/020091.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>The Bitcoin Core Tech meeting on March 8th, 2022, covered several topics. Sapio now has experimental Taproot support, and Rust-bitcoin needs help reviewing its pull request. The concept of Transaction Sponsors was discussed, along with James' Vaults Post and the potential dangers of adding too much power to scripts. There was also a general discussion about naming conventions and forking. A conversation in the bitcoin-dev mailing list focused on the implementation of Speedy Trial (ST) in relation to CTV. ST is a short softfork attempt with `lockinontimeout=false`, followed by offering a UASF `lockinontimeout=true` version if necessary. Criticism of ST was discussed, as well as the trust factor of developers such as Jeremy Rubin. It was emphasized how users can resist activation mechanisms like ST through hashpower and UASFs, ensuring they have a say in upgrades made.Overall, these discussions highlight the importance of understanding the mechanisms of activation and the need for user involvement in decision-making processes.</summary>
    <published>2022-03-09T11:08:06+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
