<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>2</id>
  <title>Combined summary - CTV Meeting #5 Agenda (Tuesday, March 7th, 12:00 PT)</title>
  <updated>2023-06-15T17:50:24.560827+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy Rubin 2022-03-08 02:50:39</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jorge Timón 2022-03-10 11:41:52</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jorge Timón 2022-03-09 11:02:35</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Michael Folkson 2022-03-09 14:14:40</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jorge Timón 2022-03-10 11:41:52</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Michael Folkson 2022-03-09 14:14:40</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jorge Timón 2022-03-10 11:41:52</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy Rubin 2022-03-08 03:32:13</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jorge Timón 2022-03-09 11:02:35</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Michael Folkson 2022-03-09 14:14:40</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy Rubin 2022-03-08 03:32:13</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy Rubin 2022-03-08 02:50:39</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy Rubin 2022-03-08 03:32:13</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jorge Timón 2022-03-09 11:02:35</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy Rubin 2022-03-08 02:50:39</name>
  </author>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020081_CTV-Meeting-5-Agenda-Tuesday-March-7th-12-00-PT-.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020103_CTV-Meeting-5-Agenda-Tuesday-March-7th-12-00-PT-.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020090_CTV-Meeting-5-Agenda-Tuesday-March-7th-12-00-PT-.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020093_CTV-Meeting-5-Agenda-Tuesday-March-7th-12-00-PT-.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020103_CTV-Meeting-5-Agenda-Tuesday-March-7th-12-00-PT-.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020093_CTV-Meeting-5-Agenda-Tuesday-March-7th-12-00-PT-.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020103_CTV-Meeting-5-Agenda-Tuesday-March-7th-12-00-PT-.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020083_CTV-Meeting-5-Agenda-Tuesday-March-7th-12-00-PT-.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020090_CTV-Meeting-5-Agenda-Tuesday-March-7th-12-00-PT-.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020093_CTV-Meeting-5-Agenda-Tuesday-March-7th-12-00-PT-.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020083_CTV-Meeting-5-Agenda-Tuesday-March-7th-12-00-PT-.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020081_CTV-Meeting-5-Agenda-Tuesday-March-7th-12-00-PT-.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020083_CTV-Meeting-5-Agenda-Tuesday-March-7th-12-00-PT-.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020090_CTV-Meeting-5-Agenda-Tuesday-March-7th-12-00-PT-.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/March_2022/020081_CTV-Meeting-5-Agenda-Tuesday-March-7th-12-00-PT-.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>2</id>
    <title>Combined summary - CTV Meeting #5 Agenda (Tuesday, March 7th, 12:00 PT)</title>
    <updated>2023-06-15T17:50:24.560827+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-March/020081.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>A CTV meeting is scheduled for March 8th at noon PT with an agenda that includes updates and discussions on various topics related to Bitcoin development. The first item on the agenda is a Sapio Taproot support update and request for review, which involves experimental support for Taproot merged on master. The second topic of discussion is Transaction Sponsoring versus CPFP/RBF, referring to two different methods of confirming transactions on the blockchain. The third topic is Jamesob's Non-Recursive Vaults Post, discussing potential improvements to the security of Bitcoin wallets. The fourth item is a broad discussion of recent developments in the Bitcoin community, including acronyms such as EVICT, TLUV, FOLD, Lisp, OP_ANNEX, Drivechain Covenants, and Jets. Finally, the meeting ends with a 30-minute Q&amp;A session.The conversation on the bitcoin-dev mailing list discusses the possibility of a soft fork proposal being added to Bitcoin core without community consensus and the need for activation mechanisms that allow users to resist such proposals. The author expresses concern that criticism is not welcomed and is ignored by some developers, suggesting avoiding personal attacks while still holding developers accountable. The email also includes links to some of the agenda items, which can be useful for further understanding. Overall, the discussion highlights the importance of community outreach and consensus-building in the development of Bitcoin consensus changes.Michael Folkson cautions against assuming community consensus regarding CTV being added to Bitcoin Core and suggests keeping discussions of activation mechanisms and soft fork proposals separate. He emphasizes that deep technical review and community consensus are crucial before any soft fork proposal is implemented. ST (Speedy Trial), the activation mechanism used for Taproot, was discussed, and Michael emphasized that criticism should be welcome and that we should avoid blindly trusting any individual person.</summary>
    <published>2022-03-08T02:50:39+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
