<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>Meeting 21:00 UTC #bitcoin-dev Freenode IRC</title>
  <updated>2023-06-05T01:41:06.193748+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Amir Taaki 2012-01-02 16:04:46</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>Meeting 21:00 UTC #bitcoin-dev Freenode IRC</title>
    <updated>2023-06-05T01:41:06.193748+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2012-January/001022.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>The meeting is scheduled to discuss the new OP_EVAL changes coming to Bitcoin. The goal is to prevent fragmentation and ensure harmony among projects by having regular meetings to propose and debate concepts and algorithms. A wiki page will be created in advance of each weekly meeting with talking points added throughout the week. After the meeting, a log of the discussion will be posted online and an accessible summary will be typed for the community at large on bitcoinmedia.com. The meeting will take place on Freenode IRC #bitcoin-dev from 21:00 to 22:00 (16:00 New York time). The hope is that having a scheduled regular platform can achieve more accessibility to Bitcoin development and the system.</summary>
    <published>2012-01-02T16:04:46+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
