<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>0</id>
  <title>Tuesday’s IRC workshop on L2 onchain support</title>
  <updated>2023-06-01T18:42:47.636229+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Michael Folkson 2021-06-17 17:06:19</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>0</id>
    <title>Tuesday’s IRC workshop on L2 onchain support</title>
    <updated>2023-06-01T18:42:47.636229+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/lightning-dev/2021-June/003056.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>Recently, a workshop was held to discuss the security assumptions of L2 protocols like Lightning and DLCs. It was pointed out that there can never be perfect security guarantees on network transaction fee rates or transaction relay, and that there are considerations where blocked transaction propagation isn't necessarily a problem for the victim if it is also blocked for the attacker. Some new ideas were discussed in the workshop such as fee-sensitive timelocks, a transaction relay overlay network, and mining pools exposing public APIs to push transactions directly. The impact of changes to Bitcoin Core on L2 protocols was also discussed and some changes to Core can conflict with the goal of minimizing transaction propagation times. It was suggested that L2 developers should write automated regression test suites against bitcoind exposed RPC commands and there was a call for a bitcoind "evicttx" RPC to remove a transaction from the mempool on regtest. In addition, a proposal for full Replace-by-Fee (RBF) in a future version of Bitcoin Core was discussed, and while progress in this direction has been attempted in the past, it was pointed out that even with full RBF, it is trivial to create mempool partitions. Next week's meeting will focus on fee bumping and package relay advancements in Bitcoin Core. Those relying on zero confirmations should check for any possible problems arising from the move to full RBF. The conversation log for the workshop and additional notes can be found in the L2 zoology repo set up by ariard.</summary>
    <published>2021-06-17T17:06:19+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
