<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>Bitcoin Contracting Primitives WG 1st Meeting, Tuesday 15 Nov. 18:00 UTC</title>
  <updated>2023-06-16T02:40:47.422597+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Antoine Riard 2022-11-15 23:47:39</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>Bitcoin Contracting Primitives WG 1st Meeting, Tuesday 15 Nov. 18:00 UTC</title>
    <updated>2023-06-16T02:40:47.422597+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-November/021211.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>On November 15th, the Bitcoin Contracting Primitives working group held their first meeting with around ten attendees. During the meeting, the group discussed various covenant interests such as state channels, universal settlement layer, transaction introspection covenants, vaults/self-custody, MATT covenants, logical label covenant like transaction inherited IDs, congestion control, and DLC. One attendee suggested that the goal of the process should be to address misunderstandings of the state of development and desire for some covenant-style upgrade, coordinating around goals, drawbacks, and overlap of different proposals, and helping to highlight consensus building around the goals and mechanism to achieve them.The next meeting aims to do a 360-degree panorama of all the known consistent contracting primitives as well as the contracting protocols in an archiving effort. The frequency schedule for meetings is every month, staying on the 3rd Tuesday of every month. Meetings logs are available on GitHub, and if anyone has more suggestions to improve the process, they can comment. Antoine Riard proposed the date of November 15th at 18:00 UTC for the first meeting of the Bitcoin Contracting Primitives working group. The communication venue is #bitcoin-contracting-primitives-wg on Libera Chat, and there is no consistent agenda beyond listening to every attendee's expectations, ideas, and subjects of interest they would like to see happening with this new covenants/contracting primitives R&amp;D process. If anyone has been working on contracting protocols/side-chains/rollups/other use-cases that could benefit from extended Bitcoin contracting primitives, they can open an issue on GitHub. The group plans to have a schedule inclusive of most timezones, and there have been more voices suggesting jitsi/audio-based meetings rather than IRC as an alternative communication format.</summary>
    <published>2022-11-15T23:47:39+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
