<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</title>
  <updated>2023-06-06T08:24:32.590640+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Gavin Andresen 2012-11-06 18:47:34</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</title>
    <updated>2023-06-06T08:24:32.590640+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2012-November/001950.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>The core dev team of Bitcoin meets on Thursdays at 18:00 UTC (6PM Europe/1PM east US/10AM west US) to discuss various issues related to Bitcoin development on the #bitcoin-dev freenode IRC channel. The team plans to put together a TODO list to create a 0.8 release candidate and discuss whether it's time to feature-freeze 0.8 and focus on testing new features and fixing existing bugs, given the growing length of the issues list. Additionally, the BIP process will be discussed to determine whether it is working effectively and how it can be improved. Gavin Andresen, who posted this message, asks for suggestions on other topics that should be discussed.</summary>
    <published>2012-11-06T18:47:34+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
