<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</title>
  <updated>2023-06-06T08:25:25.898289+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Luke-Jr 2012-11-06 19:13:33</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</title>
    <updated>2023-06-06T08:25:25.898289+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2012-November/001951.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>Gavin Andresen, a member of the Bitcoin core development team, proposed a meeting every Thursday at 18:00 UTC via the #bitcoin-dev freenode IRC channel to discuss issues related to Bitcoin. The agenda for the meeting included creating a to-do list to get to a 0.8 release candidate, freezing the features and working on testing new features and fixing existing bugs, and evaluating the BIP process. Gavin expressed concerns about the absence of Amir and suggested having a successor in place. He emphasized the importance of encouraging wider community participation in the BIP process to avoid mining messes like that of stratum mining. Gavin encouraged peer review and contributions toward the stratum protocol and called for efforts to increase awareness of BIP and encourage more collaboration.</summary>
    <published>2012-11-06T19:13:33+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
