<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>Fwd:  IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</title>
  <updated>2023-06-06T08:27:16.458429+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Wladimir 2012-11-08 13:10:45</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>Fwd:  IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</title>
    <updated>2023-06-06T08:27:16.458429+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2012-November/001959.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>Mike Hearn has expressed his opinion that while IRC is a good place to bounce ideas around, it is not the best platform for decision-making. He suggests that regularly scheduled IRC meetings may be useful for smaller decisions, but important ones should be posted on the mailing list. The group discusses the BIP process and whether there is a need for a “number allocation king” or an editing role. They agree that some rules for numbering can help with organization. Regarding the feature freeze of version 0.8, Wladimir expresses his desire for more time to get the bloom filtering work in. He believes that promotion is very important, and if they sell the release as an important scalability/performance improvement for the network, upgrade to help Bitcoin keep growing, it will be easier to promote. While he agrees that there should be no more changes of the scale of ultraprune before version 0.9, he is unsure about a full feature freeze.</summary>
    <published>2012-11-08T13:10:45+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
