<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>2</id>
  <title>Combined summary - Fwd:  IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</title>
  <updated>2023-06-06T08:27:48.937121+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Wladimir 2012-11-08 13:10:45</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Wladimir 2012-11-08 13:10:45</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Wladimir 2012-11-08 13:10:45</name>
  </author>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Nov_2012/001959_Fwd-IRC-meeting-agenda-18-00-UTC-Thursday.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Nov_2012/001959_Fwd-IRC-meeting-agenda-18-00-UTC-Thursday.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Nov_2012/001959_Fwd-IRC-meeting-agenda-18-00-UTC-Thursday.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>2</id>
    <title>Combined summary - Fwd:  IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</title>
    <updated>2023-06-06T08:27:48.937121+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2012-November/001959.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>During a recent discussion among members of the Bitcoin community, Mike Hearn expressed his opinion that while IRC is a good place to discuss ideas, it is not the best platform for decision-making. He suggested that regularly scheduled IRC meetings might be useful for smaller decisions, but important ones should be posted on the mailing list. The group also discussed the BIP process and whether there is a need for a "number allocation king" or an editing role. They agreed that some rules for numbering can help with organization.The topic of version 0.8's feature freeze was also discussed, with Wladimir expressing his desire for more time to get the bloom filtering work in. He believes that promotion is very important, and if they sell the release as an important scalability/performance improvement for the network, upgrade to help Bitcoin keep growing, it will be easier to promote. While he agrees that there should be no more changes of the scale of ultraprune before version 0.9, he is unsure about a full feature freeze. Overall, the group seemed to agree on the importance of organization and communication when making decisions about Bitcoin's development. They acknowledged the benefits of IRC for brainstorming, but recognized the need for more formal processes for decision-making.</summary>
    <published>2012-11-08T13:10:45+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
