<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>Taproot Activation Meeting Reminder: April 6th 19:00 UTC bitcoin/bitcoin-dev</title>
  <updated>2023-06-14T19:54:21.170017+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Jorge Tim√≥n 2021-04-04 09:31:45</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>Taproot Activation Meeting Reminder: April 6th 19:00 UTC bitcoin/bitcoin-dev</title>
    <updated>2023-06-14T19:54:21.170017+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-April/018726.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>There is a bitcoin-dev meeting scheduled for Tuesday, April 6th to discuss various topics related to activation, including the update to MTP time, selecting between MTP and height, and timeline discussion. One participant expressed frustration that their arguments will likely be ignored again. The update to MTP time has been substantially updated and simplified in a way that is compatible with mandatory signaling periods and makes it easier to deploy ST on signets. The main conversation in the agenda item regarding selecting between MTP and height will focus on the pros and cons of each approach and reaching consensus on either. If rough consensus is not reached, there may be a discussion about scheduling realities.</summary>
    <published>2021-04-04T09:31:45+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
