<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>L2s Onchain Support IRC Workshop</title>
  <updated>2023-06-14T20:28:46.196252+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Antoine Riard 2021-04-23 15:11:56</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>L2s Onchain Support IRC Workshop</title>
    <updated>2023-06-14T20:28:46.196252+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-April/018841.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>The Lightning and Bitcoin second-layers communities are concerned about the recent security and operational issues surrounding tx-relay and mempool acceptance rules of the base layer. To address these concerns, there have been discussions about organizing in-person workshops, but due to travel restrictions, a series of IRC meetings will be held instead. The proposed topics for discussion include package relay design, deprecation of opt-in RBF towards full-RBF, coordinated cross-layers security disclosures, and L2 protocols onchain security design. A 2-week period for submission of additional topics related to tx-relay or mempools improvements is also suggested. The goals of the meetings are to reach technical consensus, establish a security incident response policy, and establish a philosophy design and associated documentations. The timeline includes a concertation period from April 23 to May 7, with IRC meetings expected to take place in late May to early June. Relevant links, including reading suggestions and open questions to structure discussions, are available on the GitHub repository for L2 zoology.</summary>
    <published>2021-04-23T15:11:56+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
