<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>L2s Onchain Support IRC Workshop</title>
  <updated>2023-06-14T20:29:15.653011+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Bastien TEINTURIER 2021-04-23 16:17:36</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>L2s Onchain Support IRC Workshop</title>
    <updated>2023-06-14T20:29:15.653011+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-April/018844.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>A proposal has been made to hold a series of virtual meetings to discuss issues related to Lightning and other Bitcoin second-layers. The goal is to improve the tx-relay and mempool acceptance rules of the base layer, which have been sources of major security and operational concerns for these layers in recent years. The proposed topics for discussion include package relay design or another generic L2 fee-bumping primitive like sponsorship, deprecation of opt-in RBF toward full-rbf, guidelines about coordinated cross-layers security disclosures, and guidelines about L2 protocols onchain security design.The proposal also includes a 2-week period for participants to submit additional topics related to tx-relay or mempools improvements towards L2s before finalizing the scope and agenda. The timeline for the virtual meetings is late May to early June. The organizer has started a collection of documents to assist with the workshop on Github and welcomes those interested in L2s security/p2p/mempool to get involved.</summary>
    <published>2021-04-23T16:17:36+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
