<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>2</id>
  <title>Combined summary - Taproot activation meeting on IRC - Tuesday 13th April 19:00 UTC</title>
  <updated>2023-06-14T20:06:03.439914+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Michael Folkson 2021-04-10 16:06:43</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Billy Tetrud 2021-04-12 19:39:13</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>BitcoinMechanic 2021-04-10 02:40:29</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Michael Folkson 2021-04-10 16:06:43</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Michael Folkson 2021-04-10 16:06:43</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Billy Tetrud 2021-04-12 19:39:13</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2021-04-10 16:59:46</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Billy Tetrud 2021-04-12 19:39:13</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>BitcoinMechanic 2021-04-10 02:40:29</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2021-04-10 16:59:46</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>BitcoinMechanic 2021-04-10 02:40:29</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2021-04-10 16:59:46</name>
  </author>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018772_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-13th-April-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018780_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-13th-April-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018769_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-13th-April-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018772_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-13th-April-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018772_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-13th-April-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018780_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-13th-April-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018773_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-13th-April-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018780_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-13th-April-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018769_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-13th-April-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018773_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-13th-April-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018769_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-13th-April-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018773_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-13th-April-19-00-UTC.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>2</id>
    <title>Combined summary - Taproot activation meeting on IRC - Tuesday 13th April 19:00 UTC</title>
    <updated>2023-06-14T20:06:03.439914+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-April/018772.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>BitcoinMechanic has announced a Taproot activation meeting on IRC to be held on Tuesday, April 13th at 19:00 UTC. The purpose of the meeting is to ratify the Taproot activation plan discussed in the previous meeting on March 16th, also known as 2021-03 Plan Y. The focus will be on reaching a consensus on BIP8 and the remaining parameters. While there was no agreement on the LOT parameter, there seems to be a consensus on proceeding safely with LOT=True.The miners will have 18 months to signal and accelerate activation; otherwise, Taproot will activate regardless. With the majority of the economy running it, this guarantees eventual lock-in of taproot with the smallest chance of a chain split. Michael Folkson has encouraged other reviewers to review Core PR #21377 and recommends any alternative release be fully compatible with the activation parameters in Core if that PR is merged into Core. Bitcoin Mechanic has set up the meeting to discuss an alternative release to Core with Taproot activation code. Discussions will include deciding when Core should no longer be a consideration.Jeremy Rubin points out that there is a middle road to consider. If Core chooses not to release activation parameters, then #21377 can still be used to issue a community release safely. This would avoid the false dichotomy between an ST released by Core and a BIP8 UASF.Michael Folkson's contact details are also provided for anyone interested in attending the meeting. The channel remains open for ongoing discussions 24/7, and there is a web chat client available for use. The upcoming meeting promises to be a significant event in the development of Taproot activation, providing a platform for discussion and decision-making among key stakeholders in the Bitcoin community. Interested parties can refer to the summary of the previous meeting via the provided link.</summary>
    <published>2021-04-10T16:06:43+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
