<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>2</id>
  <title>Combined summary - L2s Onchain Support IRC Workshop</title>
  <updated>2023-06-14T20:30:45.318814+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Antoine Riard 2021-04-23 15:11:56</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Gloria Zhao 2021-04-26 23:06:34</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2021-04-23 15:25:19</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Bastien TEINTURIER 2021-04-23 16:17:36</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Antoine Riard 2021-04-27 14:54:12</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Antoine Riard 2021-04-23 15:11:56</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Antoine Riard 2021-04-23 15:39:15</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Antoine Riard 2021-04-23 15:11:56</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Antoine Riard 2021-04-23 15:39:15</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Antoine Riard 2021-04-27 14:54:12</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2021-04-23 15:25:19</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Antoine Riard 2021-04-27 14:54:12</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2021-04-23 15:25:19</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Gloria Zhao 2021-04-26 23:06:34</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Antoine Riard 2021-04-23 15:39:15</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Bastien TEINTURIER 2021-04-23 16:17:36</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Gloria Zhao 2021-04-26 23:06:34</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Bastien TEINTURIER 2021-04-23 16:17:36</name>
  </author>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018841_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018870_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018840_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018844_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018875_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018841_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018843_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018841_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018843_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018875_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018840_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018875_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018840_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018870_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018843_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018844_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018870_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018844_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>2</id>
    <title>Combined summary - L2s Onchain Support IRC Workshop</title>
    <updated>2023-06-14T20:30:45.318814+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-April/018841.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>Due to travel restrictions, in-person workshops are not currently possible. Therefore, a proposal has been made to hold a series of one or more IRC meetings to discuss improvements to the tx-relay and mempool acceptance rules of the Bitcoin base layer. The discussion aims to improve these areas to ease the design and deployment of higher Bitcoin layers.The proposed topics for discussion include the design of package relay or another generic L2 fee-bumping primitive like sponsorship, deprecation of opt-in RBF toward full-rbf, guidelines about coordinated cross-layers security disclosures, and guidelines about L2 protocols onchain security design. The primary goal is to understand the simplest version of package relay sufficient to support transaction relay assumptions made by L2 applications. Antoine Riard initiated this discussion and has started a collection of documents to assist with the workshop, which can be found on the GitHub repository for L2 zoology. Gloria, another Bitcoin developer, has expressed interest in joining the discussion and recommends being as concrete as possible and providing test vectors to create a stable API/set of assumptions between layers. She also suggests exposing a configurable RPC to test a range of scenarios. Overall, anyone interested in L2s security/p2p/mempool is welcome to get involved in these discussions.The goals of the workshops are to reach technical consensus and establish a security incident response policy, which can be applied by dev teams in the future. Additionally, the workshops aim to establish a philosophy design and associated documentations (BIPs, best practices, etc.). A 2-week consultation period is proposed to submit other topics related to tx-relay or mempools improvements towards L2s before proposing a finalised scope and agenda. The timeline for the virtual meetings is late May to early June.Gloria believes that if a parent + child package covers the vast majority of cases and a package limit of 2 is considered acceptable, it could simplify things quite a bit. She also notes that package relay and sponsorship (or other fee-bumping primitive) should be separate discussions.Antoine Riard, a developer, proposed a series of online meetings to discuss issues concerning the security and operational concerns for Lightning and other Bitcoin second-layers. The email also contains links to relevant resources, including a GitHub repository with documents to assist the workshop and simulations of transaction pinning and mempool partitions attacks.However, Gloria notes that rules around tx-relay and mempool acceptances are non-normative, non-reliable, and lack documentation. L2 projects maintainers should be ready to upgrade their protocols in an emergency in coordination with base layer developers.</summary>
    <published>2021-04-23T15:11:56+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
