<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>0</id>
  <title>Tuesday's BIP process meeting</title>
  <updated>2023-05-22T15:47:38.949100+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Michael Folkson 2021-09-17 12:56:37</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>0</id>
    <title>Tuesday's BIP process meeting</title>
    <updated>2023-05-22T15:47:38.949100+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-September/019469.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>On Tuesday, Bitcoin Improvement Proposal (BIP) process meeting was held and discussed various proposed changes. These proposed changes could eventually lead to a new BIP process (BIP 3) replacing the current process described in BIP 2. The attendees discussed four main proposed changes including the end of the 3-year rejection rule, simplifying the process for BIP champions to ACK pull requests, improving the use of BIP comments, and clarifying the role of BIP champions in soft fork BIPs containing consensus changes. Under the proposed changes, after 3 years, the BIP would enter an "Inactive" state that only requires activity from the BIP champion to leave the "Inactive" state. Additionally, BIP editors would be allowed to merge in changes without requiring BIP champions to ACK pull requests for basic spelling/grammar changes. Instead of using BIP comments, link(s) to bitcoin-dev mailing list post(s) with criticism or outlines of defects can be included within a BIP by the BIP editors. Furthermore, the proposed changes highlight concerns about BIP champions of soft fork BIPs containing consensus changes who could theoretically include an activation method and parameters in their BIP unilaterally without consulting the broader community. It is suggested that any parameters included are merely those recommended by the BIP champion(s) and don't necessarily have community consensus. The conversation log of the meeting is available on Github, and Kalle Alm has also sent an email on BIP extensions to the list. The next meeting is scheduled for Wednesday, September 29th, on the Libera IRC channel #bitcoin-dev.</summary>
    <published>2021-09-17T12:56:37+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
