<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>Bitcoin dev IRC meeting in layman's terms</title>
  <updated>2023-06-10T23:49:28.569625+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>G1lius Caesar 2015-10-05 09:16:14</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>Bitcoin dev IRC meeting in layman's terms</title>
    <updated>2023-06-10T23:49:28.569625+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-October/011368.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>A bitcoin developer has posted an explanation of the weekly dev meeting on Reddit, detailing what is being worked on and discussed. The main topics were mempool limiting, BIP68 + CHECKSEQUENCEVERIFY, CLTV soft fork deployment and libconsensus merge time window. Mempool limiting was first on the agenda, with developers discussing how to find a way to limit the mempool so that nodes can't be attacked by abusing the mechanism. Chain limits were also discussed, with devs leaning towards larger descendant packages, rather than smaller ones as they are easier to attack.Â Finally, the discussion turned to the Libconsensus project, which aims to separate the part of the code that influences network consensus from the non-consensus part.</summary>
    <published>2015-10-05T09:16:14+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
