<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>#bitcoin-dev Weekly Development Meeting Minutes 2015-10-08</title>
  <updated>2023-06-11T00:04:07.325189+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Daniel Stadulis 2015-10-09 22:45:37</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>#bitcoin-dev Weekly Development Meeting Minutes 2015-10-08</title>
    <updated>2023-06-11T00:04:07.325189+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-October/011494.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>On October 8, 2015, the #bitcoin-dev Weekly Development Meeting was held via IRC chat with participants including dstadulis, wumpus, btcdrak, morcos, petertodd, bsm117532, BlueMatt, gmaxwell, GreenIsMyPepper, phantomcircuit, warren, and sipa. The topics discussed included mempool limiting, partial transaction malleability fix, CHECKLOCKTIMEVERIFY (CLTV) backport reviews, CHECKSEQUENCEVERIFY (CSV) reviews, and the creation of a [bitcoin-discuss] mailing list. During the meeting, an ecosystem threat with the potential to cause millions of dollars in losses was brought up. While it was not a Bitcoin Core/Bitcoin network issue, most Javascript-based Bitcoin software is affected. Participants were urged to review/test code for Pull Request #6722 "Limit mempool by throwing away the cheapest txn and setting min relay fee to it" and provide ACK’s/support for low limits on PR #6771 "Policy: Lower default limits for tx chains." Urgent code review and ACKs of CLTV backports PR #6706 “CLTV IsSuperMajority() soft-fork, rebased for v0.10.2” and #6707 “CLTV IsSuperMajority() soft-fork, rebased for v0.11.0” were also needed. Miners were requested to be contacted about PR #6769 "Test LowS in standardness, removes nuisance malleability vector" and turning on the long-existing anti-malleability standardness rules in Bitcoin Core by Bluematt &amp; Gmaxwell. Maaku was asked for clarification regarding nSequence for BIP68, while a discussion was scheduled on the creation of a [bitcoin-discuss] mailing list, moderators assignment of discuss and dev list, and a simple website for mailing list policy. Meetingbot minutes, IRC chat logs, and other related links were provided for further reference.</summary>
    <published>2015-10-09T22:45:37+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
