<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>2</id>
  <title>Combined summary - Bitcoin dev IRC meeting in layman's terms (2015-10-15)</title>
  <updated>2023-06-11T00:20:36.812653+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>G1lius Caesar 2015-10-19 13:20:15</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>G1lius Caesar 2015-10-19 13:20:15</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>G1lius Caesar 2015-10-19 13:20:15</name>
  </author>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Oct_2015/011562_Bitcoin-dev-IRC-meeting-in-layman-s-terms-2015-10-15-.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Oct_2015/011562_Bitcoin-dev-IRC-meeting-in-layman-s-terms-2015-10-15-.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Oct_2015/011562_Bitcoin-dev-IRC-meeting-in-layman-s-terms-2015-10-15-.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>2</id>
    <title>Combined summary - Bitcoin dev IRC meeting in layman's terms (2015-10-15)</title>
    <updated>2023-06-11T00:20:36.812653+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-October/011562.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>The Bitcoin developer meeting was held to discuss several important topics related to the cryptocurrency. One of the main issues discussed was mempool limiting, which is a collection of transactions held in memory until they are added to a block. The developers are working on ways to limit the mempool without making it vulnerable to attack to prevent nodes from crashing.Another topic that was discussed was sendheaders BIP, which aims to make block relay more efficient by announcing block headers instead of block hashes. The versionbits topic was also addressed, which focuses on using all bits of the version number for softforks, allowing them to be deployed simultaneously and independently of each other.The dev/discuss list policy was addressed due to inappropriate posts and an increasing volume of off-topic discussions. A new bitcoin-discuss list was created along with clear policies and moderation for both lists. Lastly, the meeting reviewed and discussed the progress of CLTV and CSV. Overall, the Bitcoin developer meeting covered important topics related to the development and improvement of the cryptocurrency.</summary>
    <published>2015-10-19T13:20:15+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
