<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>2</id>
  <title>Combined summary - 2015-10-01 #bitcoin-dev Weekly Development Meeting Minutes</title>
  <updated>2023-06-10T23:41:53.941579+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Daniel Stadulis 2015-10-02 08:06:22</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Daniel Stadulis 2015-10-02 08:06:22</name>
  </author>
  <author>
    <name>Daniel Stadulis 2015-10-02 08:06:22</name>
  </author>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Oct_2015/011339_2015-10-01-bitcoin-dev-Weekly-Development-Meeting-Minutes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Oct_2015/011339_2015-10-01-bitcoin-dev-Weekly-Development-Meeting-Minutes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <link href="bitcoin-dev/Oct_2015/011339_2015-10-01-bitcoin-dev-Weekly-Development-Meeting-Minutes.xml" rel="alternate"/>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>2</id>
    <title>Combined summary - 2015-10-01 #bitcoin-dev Weekly Development Meeting Minutes</title>
    <updated>2023-06-10T23:41:53.941579+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-October/011339.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>On October 1st, 2015, the #bitcoin-dev Weekly Development Meeting was held from 19:00-20:00 UTC. The meeting had thirteen participants including dstadulis, wumpus, morcos, gmaxwell, btcdrak, jonasshnelli, maaku, sdaftuar, sipa, BlueMatt, CodeShark, Luke-Jr, bsm117532, and jgarzik. During the meeting, several topics were discussed, such as mempool limiting, BIP68 + CHECKSEQUENCEVERIFY, CLTV soft fork deployment, and libconsensus merge time window. It was agreed that there should be a merge window for move-only changes, and jtimon will document higher-level rationales for moves so people can first agree on what should move where. BlueMatt was responsible for finishing the 6722 code with an undetermined due date, while others were tasked with trying to attack 6722, 6557, and 6673 to see edge-case behavior. Morcos was assigned to email dev list with chain-limit proposal, and sdaftuar will review proposal before the list is emailed. All members were asked to review/ACKs of BIP68 #6312, BIP112 CSV #6564, and BIP113 #6566 by October 8th. They also needed to backport PRs #6706 and #6707 (backport 0.10 and 0.11 respectively) with review ASAP. Jtimon was also asked to document higher-level rationales for libconsensus moves with an undetermined due date. The IRC Chat Logs for the meeting are available at http://bitcoinstats.com/irc/bitcoin-dev/logs/2015/10/01#l1443726030.0.</summary>
    <published>2015-10-02T08:06:22+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
