<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>0</id>
  <title>BIP-119 CTV Meeting #2 Agenda for Tuesday January 25th at 12:00 PT</title>
  <updated>2023-05-22T16:38:32.535423+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Jeremy 2022-01-24 03:36:46</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>0</id>
    <title>BIP-119 CTV Meeting #2 Agenda for Tuesday January 25th at 12:00 PT</title>
    <updated>2023-05-22T16:38:32.535423+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-January/019807.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>Bitcoin Developers are scheduled to have their second recurring meeting on Tuesday, January 25th at 12:00 PT in channel ##ctv-bip-review in libera.chat IRC server. The meeting is expected to take approximately two hours and will cover various topics. These topics include an update on Bounty Program &amp; Feedback (10 Min), Feedback Recap (20 Min), What is Sapio / How to think about Programming with CTV (15 Min), Vaults (20 Min), Congestion Control (20 Mins), Payment Pools (20 Mins), and General Q&amp;A (15 Mins). The Feedback Recap section will review recent feedback or reviews of CTV. This section will include feedback from Luke Dashjr, James O'Beirne, and Peter Todd. Dashjr suggests that some applications be made BIP-quality before proceeding, while expressing concerns about activation logic. O'Beirne tests the reindexing performance with the CTV patches and finds a minor performance regression due to the cache precomputations. Rubin responds with patches for an improved caching strategy. Todd reviewed the BIP and an outdated implementation and found that the testing, analysis of validation resources, and quality of proof of concept applications were insufficient. Rubin responded by pointing Todd to the most up-to-date implementation, which has more tests, updated the link in the BIP to the PR, updated the BIP to describe resource usage, and asked what the bar is expected to be for applications.The What is Sapio / How to think about Programming with CTV section will explore resources such as https://learn.sapio-lang.org/ch02-00-bip-119.html, https://rubin.io/bitcoin/2021/12/06/advent-9/, and https://rubin.io/bitcoin/2021/12/15/advent-18/. Topics covered in this section include Composability and Non-Interactivity. The Vaults section will cover resources such as https://rubin.io/bitcoin/2021/12/07/advent-10/, https://rubin.io/bitcoin/2021/12/08/advent-11/, and https://github.com/kanzure/python-vaults. The Congestion Control section will explore resources such as https://rubin.io/bitcoin/2021/12/09/advent-12/, https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-January/019756.html, https://utxos.org/analysis/batching_sim/, and https://utxos.org/analysis/bip_simulation/. The Payment Pools section will cover resources such as https://rubin.io/bitcoin/2021/12/10/advent-13/ and https://rubin.io/bitcoin/2021/12/15/advent-18/. Lastly, there will be a General Q&amp;A session for 15 minutes. Participants are encouraged to review the agenda in advance of the meeting to make the best use of everyone's time. Feedback or proposed content changes to the agenda can be directed to Jeremy.</summary>
    <published>2022-01-24T03:36:46+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
