<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <id>1</id>
  <title>Jamming Mitigation Call Summary - 01/23</title>
  <updated>2023-06-03T11:38:02.037703+00:00</updated>
  <author>
    <name>Carla Kirk-Cohen 2023-01-30 15:24:56</name>
  </author>
  <generator uri="https://lkiesow.github.io/python-feedgen" version="0.9.0">python-feedgen</generator>
  <entry>
    <id>1</id>
    <title>Jamming Mitigation Call Summary - 01/23</title>
    <updated>2023-06-03T11:38:02.037703+00:00</updated>
    <link href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/lightning-dev/2023-January/003834.html" rel="alternate"/>
    <summary>The Lightning Network Jamming Attack Mitigation meeting was recently held to discuss potential solutions to prevent channel jamming attacks. The attendees discussed various topics related to anti-jamming mitigation, including the network upgrade to support the anti-jamming mitigation. It was agreed that relaying nodes should initially upgrade but not enforce the feature. Later, they would look at forwarding traffic to determine whether it is appropriate to require the feature.The second topic discussed in the meeting was the draft proposal for upfront fees that implement the first of a two-part jamming mitigation. The group described the simplest possible way to introduce upfront fees to the protocol and discussed its shortcomings. They also discussed the circuit breaker update, which now has a UI and provides node operators with information about payment failures on their nodes.The fourth topic discussed was the tokens update, where an architecture document was added to the proposal to dissociate the people paying the fees from those gaining the benefits from the credentials so that credentials can be paid by a LSP (for example). Lastly, some attendees have been working on reputation discussions in LSP Specification.The meeting summary indicates that any proposed changes to the Lightning Network protocol will require input from multiple stakeholders. Carla and Clara, the organizers of the meeting, welcome additional participants and encourage anyone with questions or concerns to reach out to them directly. The attendees agreed to continue bi-weekly calls to further discuss potential solutions and break down the problem into smaller parts. One possible solution discussed during the meeting is the implementation of a reputation system for LSP specification groups, which would provide standard metrics to evaluate nodes' trustworthiness in a decentralized marketplace. The group also discussed the possibility of consolidating efforts with other groups working on similar problems. Links to relevant resources were provided for further information.</summary>
    <published>2023-01-30T15:24:56+00:00</published>
  </entry>
</feed>
